Filter votes from disabled validators in `BackedCandidates` in process_inherent_data (#1863)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: polkadot/roadmap/implementers-guide/src/runtime/parainherent.md

This also means that the `enter` function keeps data around for no good reason. This seems acceptable though as the size
of a block is rather limited. Nevertheless if we ever wanted to optimize this we can easily implement an inherent
collector that has two implementations, where one clones and stores the data and the other just passes it on.

## Data sanitization

> `ParasInherent` performs sanitization on the provided input data. When the module is invoked via `create_inherent` the
> input data is sanitized. `enter` entry point requires sanitized input. If unsanitized data is provided the module
> generates an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ParasInherent` with the entry point of `create_inherent` sanitizes the input data, while the `enter` entry point enforces already sanitized input data. If unsanitized data is provided the module generates an error.
```
Only minor rewording as
> `ParasInherent` performs sanitization on the provided input data.

technically isn't correct as `enter` does not truly sanitize data instead as you point out it checks for sanitization. Minor difference but want to make it clear what is the intent. (I know that we check for sanitization by effectively re-performing it but that step could be done differently.)

> Disputes are included in the block with a priority for a security reasons. It's important to pump as many dispute votes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disputes are included in the block with a priority for a security reasons. It's important to include as many dispute votes
```

onchain as possible so that disputes conclude faster and the offenders are punished. However if there are too many
disputes to include in a block the dispute set is trimmed so that it respects max block weight.

Dispute data is first deduplicated and sorted by block number (older first) and dispute location (local then remote).
Concluded and ancient (disputes initiated before the post conclusion acceptance period ) disputes are filtered out.
Votes with invalid signatures and from unknown validators (not found in the active set for the current session) are also
filtered out.

> All dispute statements are included included in the order described in the previous paragraph until the available block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All dispute statements are included in the order described in the previous paragraph until the available block
```

Reviewer: Actually this whole sentence seems redundant as you already state the same fact 2 paragraphs before:

> However if there are too many disputes to include in a block the dispute set is trimmed so that it respects max block weight.

weight is exhausted. After the dispute data is included all remaining weight is filled in with candidates and

> availability bitfields. Bitfields are included with priority, then candidates containing code updates and finaly any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
availability bitfields. Bitfields are included with priority, then candidates containing code updates and finally any
```

backed candidates. If there is not enough weight for all backed candidates they are trimmed by random selection.
Disputes are processed in three separate functions - `deduplicate_and_sort_dispute_data`, `filter_dispute_data` and
`limit_and_sanitize_disputes`.

Availability bitfields are also sanitized by dropping malformed ones, containing disputed cores or bad signatures. Refer
to `sanitize_bitfields` function for implementation details.

> Backed candidates sanitization removes malformed ones, candidates which has got concluded invalid disputes against them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backed candidates sanitization removes malformed ones, candidates which have got concluded invalid disputes against them
```

or candidates produced by unassigned cores. Furthermore any backing votes from disabled validators for a candidate are
dropped. This is part of the validator disabling strategy. These checks are implemented in `sanitize_backed_candidates`

> and `filter_backed_statements_from_disabled_validators`.

Reviewer: I'd add a mention that removing backing votes may sometimes but not always invalidate the candidate itself stopping it from getting backed.
